# Human Software
Author: aeg486
## Brushing Your Teeth
1.	Walk into the bathroom and stop in front of the sink
2.	With your right hand, pick up the tube of toothpaste
3.	Place your left and on the cap and twist the cap clockwise 
4.	Once the cap is loose, remove the cap and place it down on the sink
5.	With your left hand, pick up the blue toothbrush by the handle-side with the bristles up
6.	Bring your hands close together so that the bristles of the toothbrush are slightly below the nozzle of the tube of toothpaste
7.	Squeeze the tube for one second
8.	Place the tube on the right hand side of the sink, where you picked it up
9.	With your left hand, bring the toothbrush up to your mouth and place the bristles on the bottom left row of your teeth
10.	Move the brush back and forth 10 times
11.	Place the bristles on the bottom right row of your teeth and move the brush back and forth 10 times
12.	Place the bristles on the top right row of your teeth and move the brush back and forth 10 times
13.	Place the bristles on the top left row of your teeth and move the brush back and forth 10 times
14.	Remove the brush from your mouth and clench your jaw as if you were to smile
15.	Place the toothbrush back in your mouth on the left side with the bristles touching your teeth
16.	Move the brush back and forth ten times
17.	Move the brush to the right side with the bristles touching your teeth and move the brush back and forth 10 times
18.	Move the brush to the front of your teeth with the bristles touching your teeth and move the brush back and forth to times
19.	Remove the brush from your mouth and spit the paste into the sink in front of you
20.	Turn on the faucet by placing you right hand on the nob on the right hand side of the spout and turn it clockwise
21.	Place the bristles under the water for 10 seconds then shut the water off by placing you right hand on the nob on the right hand side of the spout and turn it counterclockwise until the water is off
22.	Place the brush on the left hand side of the sink with your left hand
23.	Pick up the cap of the toothpaste that is on the sink with your left hand and pick up the tube of toothpaste with your right hand
24.	Place the cap on the nozzle and turn counterclockwise until the cap is hard to move
25.	Put the tube down on the right hand side of the sink
26.	Walk out of the bathroom

## Making a Cup of Instant Coffee
1.	Walk into the kitchen and stop after taking three steps
2.	Turn your body to the right facing the counter
3.	Raise your right hand up, slightly above your shoulder, and extend your hand to grab the right door handle of the cabinet
4.	Grasp on to the handle an pull the door toward your body and outward
5.	Remove your hand from the handle of the door and place in by your side
6.	Raise your left hand up, slightly above your shoulder, and extend your hand to grab the coffee container that is on the first shelf
7.	Grab the container and place it on the left hand side of the countertop, then place your left hand back at your side 
8.	Raise your right hand up, well above your shoulder, and extend your hand to grab the coffee cup on the second shelf
9.	Grab the cup by the handle and place it on the right hand side of the countertop
10.	With your left hand, grab the coffee container firmly and place your right hand on the cap of the container
11.	Twist the cap clockwise and, when the cap is loose, remove the cap and place it on the counter top next to the coffee container 
12.	Remove your left hand from the coffee container
13.	Then, take your right hand and grasp the handle of the right hand drawer that is below the countertop and slightly below your waist
14.	Pull the drawer towards you and pick up a spoon by the handle with your left hand
15.	Close the drawer by pushing the drawer with your right hand 
16.	Remove your hand from the handle and proceed to grab the open coffee container
17.	With your left hand, place the spoon in the coffee container with the scoop up and push the spoon’s head until it is submerged in the coffee grounds
18.	In a scooping motion, pick up a spoonful of grounds and remove the spoon with the grounds from the coffee container
19.	Remove your right hand from the coffee container and place it by your side
20.	Place the spoon above the coffee cup, twist your wrist so the scoop is upside down
21.	Place the spoon in the sink that is adjacent to the countertop on the right hand side and place your left hand by your side
22.	With your left hand grab the water boiler on the left hand side of the counter by the handle and take two side steps to the right, so that you are in front of the sink
23.	With your right hand, extend your arm and tap your hand on the faucet to start the running water
24.	With your left hand, put the water boiler under the water for 10 seconds
25.	After 10 seconds, tap the faucet with your right hand again to stop the water from flowing and place your right hand at your side
26.	Reduce the extension of your left arm until your elbow is by your left side
27.	Take two side steps to the left until you are in front of the countertop again
28.	Place the water boiler on its platform with your left hand, then take your right hand and close the top of the water boiler
29.	Return your right hand to your side
30.	Remove your left hand from the handle of the water boiler and flick the on switch on the side, then place your left hand at your side
31.	A blue light should appear
32.	Wait until the blue light turns off and the water is boiling
33.	With your left hand, grab the handle of the water boiler and, with your right hand, grab the handle of the cup of coffee
34.	Place the spout of the water boiler over the cup of coffee and tilt the container until a fairly light stream of water comes out
35.	Return the container to its un-tilted position once the cup is ¾ filled with water
36.	With your left hand place the water boiler back on its platform and remove your handle from the handle, placing your hand back at your side
37.	Enjoy the coffee!
