# Human Software

Author: AIC262

## Brushing Teeth

1.	Go to bathroom
2.	stand in front of sink
3.	take the toothpaste and toothbrush and place them near you
4.	open sink
5.	take the toothpaste and twist cap to open it
6.	hold in one hand (which ever hand suits you)
7.	with free hand take toothbrush: hold toothbrush from stick
8.	squeeze toothpaste and place paste onto the hairs of the toothbrush
9.	put toothpaste on the side of the sink
10.	open mouth and put toothbrush with the paste into the mouth
11.	place the toothbrush at a 45°angle along the gum line (have the paste touching the teeth)
12.	move the toothbrush in a back and forth motion, and repeat for each tooth
13.	brush the inside surface of each tooth, using the same back and forth technique
14.	brush the chewing surface (top) of each tooth
15.	use the tip of the hair of the toothbrush to brush behind each tooth — front and back, top and bottom and up and down strokes
16.	continue until all teeth are clean and brushed
17.	once done, put toothbrush under open sink and clean the brush from paste and impurities (you may use both hands)
18.	once toothbrush is clean put toothbrush back in its place
19.	now use both hands and put them under running water
20.	try to make a small basket with your hands in order to keep water
21.	put water into your mouth and gargle to wash away toothpaste and impurities
22.	repeat as needed until mouth is clean
23.	once your mouth is clean, close sink
24.	take toothpaste, close it and put it back in its place
25.	take a dry towel and dry your mouth and hands
26.	you are done!! you have clean teeth
27.	repeat same steps every morning when you wake up and every night before you go to bed

## boiling an egg – New Yorker

### Step 1:
1.	go to a deli store near your house
2.	enter the deli 
3.	ask where to find eggs
4.	go grab eggs
5.	go to cashiers
6.	take wallet out of bag or pocket or wherever else you have your money placed
7.	open wallet
8.	take out money
9.	pay cashiers
10.	put wallet back to bag or pocket or wherever else you have your money placed
11.	take eggs
12.	leave deli
13.	go home

### Step 2.
14.	go to your kitchen
15.	open pan or pot cabinet
16.	take a small boiling pot
17.	place it on the side
18.	go to fridge
19.	open fridge and grab one egg
20.	gently place the egg in the pot without breaking the egg
21.	go to sink
22.	open sink
23.	put small pot with egg under running water
24.	fill out the pot with water until egg is covered (water to be at least ½’’ and to 1’’)
25.	once pot is filled, put pot onto the stove
26.	open stove in high heat to start boiling the water
27.	if you want soft-boiled eggs:
27.a.	cook egg for 6 minutes or you can wait until water is boiling
27.b.	once 6 minutes have past or water starts to boil close heat
27.c.	go to utensils drawer
27.d.	open drawer
27.e.	take out a small (tea) spoon
27.f.	close drawer
27.g.	go back to stove with small (tea) spoon
27.h.	take pot carefully from the stove
27.i.	go to sink
27.j.	carefully with one hand take egg out of pot using the small (tea) spoon
27.k.	place egg on the side of the sink with small (tea) spoon
27.l.	carefully place the pot in the sink
27.m.	go to cabinet where you have an egg holder
27.n.	open cabinet
27.o.	take out egg holder
27.p.	go back to sink where you have your egg
27.q.	pick up the soft-boiled egg and place it in the egg holder
27.r.	take small (tea) spoon and carefully break the top of the egg
27.s.	take off the broken egg shells
27.t.	once cleaned, you are ready to eat

28.	if you want hard-boiled eggs:
28.a.	cook egg for 15 minutes or you can wait until water is boiling and then start counting until 120 (without missipi)
28.b.	once 15 minutes have past or counted until 120 close heat

28.c.	follow steps (c) through to (l) of the “soft-boiled egg” instructions

28.d.	go to plate
28.e.	open cabinet
28.f.	take out small plate
28.g.	go back to sink where you have your egg
28.h.	pick up the hard-boiled egg and place it on the plate
28.i.	take small (tea) spoon and carefully break the hard-boiled egg
28.j.	take off the broken egg shells
28.k.	once cleaned, you are ready to eat
