# Human Software

Author:  bhk279

## Brushing Teeth

1.	Use either hand to turn on the cold water handle of the bathroom faucet.
2.	If you are right handed, use your right hand to pick up toothbrush from its holder with the bristles facing your body.
3.	If you are left handed, use your left hand to pick up toothbrush with the bristles facing your body.
4.	Place the head of the toothbrush under the running water of the faucet with the bristles facing up toward the falling water.  
5.	Allow toothbrush to rinse under water for approximately five seconds.
6.	Turn off the faucet with your opposite hand (the hand that is not holding the toothbrush)
7.	Pick up toothpaste tube with your opposite hand and open cap.
8.	Squeeze the toothpaste bottle over the head of the toothbrush until the toothpaste covers all of the toothbrush bristles.
9.	Close the toothpaste bottle with your opposite hand and set down next to faucet
10.	Open mouth wide.
11.	Move the toothpaste-covered brush into your open mouth with the bristles facing down toward your tongue.
12.	Move tooth brush across your top front teeth for 10 seconds.
13.	Repeat above step for the upper right side teeth for 10 seconds.
14.	Repeat above step for the upper left side teeth for 10 seconds.
15.	Repeat above step for the upper left molars for 10 seconds.
16.	Repeat the above step for the upper right molars for 10 seconds.
17.	Repeat steps 12 to 16 for your bottom teeth.
18.	Take tooth brush out of mouth.
19.	With the opposite hand, turn on faucet and put toothbrush head under faucet, bristles facing up toward the falling water.
20.	Place toothbrush back in its holder.
21.	Title head and place underneath the faucet with the water still running.
22.	Take a small sip of water and remove head from sink.
23.	Swirl water around in mouth for 5 to 10 seconds and then spit into sink.
24.	Turn off water faucet. 

### Making coffee with a K-cup machine

1.	Open cupboard door with either hand.
2.	Locate a coffee k-cup and remove from box.
3.	Locate a coffee mug and remove as well
4.	Close cupboard door and place k-cup and coffee mug on kitchen countertop.
5.	On the Keurig k-cup machine, open the flap on the top of the machine.
6.	Move to the sink and turn on the cold water handle on the right with either hand.
7.	Pick up coffee mug with either hand and place under running water and fill roughly 4/5 of mug with water.
8.	Shut off water with either hand.
9.	Tag mug filled with water and pour water into the open flap of the coffee maker 
10.	Shut coffee maker flap
11.	Turn on machine by touching the power button in the center of the machine.
12.	Place empty coffee mug underneath the spout of the coffee maker, on the metal holder.
13.	Touch power button again and it will turn red.
14.	Wait 1 to 2 minutes for the machine to pour coffee into your mug.
15.	Once the machine stops pouring coffee, press the power button again to turn off the coffee machine.
16.	Remove mug from the coffee machine and set on kitchen countertop.
17.	Open the refrigerator door and remove the milk of your choice.
18.	Poor milk into coffee until it turns from black to brown.
19.	Place milk back into refrigerator. 
20.	Remove spoon from drawer with one hand.
21.	With the other hand, open the sugar container top and set down on the table.
22.	Place spoon in sugar and scoop up a half spoonful and place into coffee.
23.	Put sugar container top back onto container.
24.	Dump sugar into coffee and use spoon to stir the coffee for 5 seconds.
25.	Place spoon in sink.
26.	Wait 2-3 minutes for coffee to cool down.
27.	Sip and enjoy.

