# Human Software

Author: bja282

## Brushing Teeth
- Audience: An individual new to my household.

Some written instructions here. Maybe numbered:

  1. Navigate to the bathroom, located on the second floor.
  2. Locate green cup with toothbrushes, on the sink.
  3. If you don't have a toothbrush, open cabinet beneath sink and find a new toothbrush. Remove toothbrush from packaging.
  4. Hold handle of toothbrush in left hand.
  5. With right hand, locate toothpaste, also on the sink.
  6. Unscrew cap from toothpaste.
  7. Wet toothbrush head and bristles in sink.
  8. Squeeze out toothbrush-head quantity of toothpaste on to toothbrush.
  9. Replace toothpaste cap.
  10. Replace toothpaste tube on sink.
  11. Bring toothbrush to teeth and begin brushing teeth in circular motion.
  12. Brush all teeth for a period of about 5 minutes. Make sure all teeth are brushed during this time.
  13. Stop brushing.
  14. Spit out excess toothpaste into sink.
  15. Run water to wash away excess toothpaste.
  16. Wash off remaining toothpaste from toothbrush in sink.
  17. Place toothbrush back in green cup on sink.
  
  END

## Morning Coffee
-Audience: An individual navigating my kitchen & coffee supplies.

  1. Navigate to kitchen.
  2. Locate coffee beans in freezer.
  3. Place coffee beans in convenient place on counter top.
  4. Locate electric kettle.
  5. Fill electric kettle with water, so that it's approximately half full, then return it to its base.
  6. Turn on electric kettle, using the switch at the top of the handle.
  7. While water boils, locate coffee grinder on counter top.
  8. Plug in coffee grinder.
  9. Remove coffee grinder cap.
  10. Open pack of coffee beans removed from fridge.
  11. Fill grinder about 3/4 of the way with coffee beans.
  12. Close package of coffee beans and return to fridge.
  13. Replace cap of coffee grinder.
  14. Grind beans by pressing down on lever located on coffee grinder cap. Hold down until beans are finely ground.
  15. Remove cap. Confirm beans are well enough ground.
  16. If beans are not well enough ground, replace cap and grind further.
  17. If beans are well enough ground, locate a mug in the cabinet above the sink.
  18. Place mug on counter top.
  19. Locate Pour Over on counter top.
  20. Place Pour Over on top of mug, with the disk-shaped side resting on the top of the mug.
  21. Locate coffee filters on counter.
  22. Remove a single coffee filter from the box.
  23. Place coffee filter in the Pour Over, unfolding it so that it assumes a cone-like shape.
  24. Take coffee grinds from coffee grinder and place them in the center of the Pour Over's filter.
  25. The water in the electric kettle has likely finished boiling at this point. If it hasn't, wait for it to finish.
  26. Pick up electric kettle from its base.
  27. Pour hot water over grinds. Stop pouring when the grinds and water have reached the top of the Pour Over. Do not let water overflow Pour Over.
  28. After water filters through grinds, check how much coffee is in cup below.
  29. If there is still room in the mug, pour additional hot water over grinds. Do not pour in too much water, in order to ensure that the mug doesn't overflow.
  30. If mug overflows, or you pour in too much water and the mug is nearing capacity, remove Pour Over from top of mug and place in sink.
  31. If water filters through grinds and you have a sufficient amount of coffee, remove Pour Over from top of mug and place in sink. If amount of coffee is insufficient, repeat steps 28-30.
  32. Set aside full mug of coffee on counter top.
  33. Remove used filter with grinds from Pour Over and place in trash can, to the right of the sink.
  34. Turn on sink and rinse off Pour Over.
  35. Return Pour Over to its place, to the right of the sink.
  36. Replace top of coffee grinder and return grinder to its place.
  37. Enjoy Coffee.
  
  END
