# Human Software

Author: jrn223

## Brushing Teeth

1.	Go to the bathroom.
2.	Pick up the toothbrush on the end that doesn’t have bristles. 
3.	Pick up the toothpaste in your other hand.
4.	Pop the toothpaste cap open with your thumb. 
5.	Apply a large drop of toothpaste onto the bristles of the toothbrush. 
6.	Set the toothpaste down where you found it. 
7.	Hit the power button on the toothbrush to turn it on. It is the circle shaped button in the middle of the toothbrush. 
8.	Put the toothbrush in the top right corner of your mouth.
9.	Move the toothbrush slowly over the front of your top teeth and gums. 
10.	Put the toothbrush against the back of your teeth in the top right corner of your mouth.
11.	Move the toothbrush slowly over the back of your top teeth and gums. 
12.	Repeat the same process on the front and back of your bottom teeth. Make sure you keep brushing until the toothbrush turns itself off after 2 minutes. 
13.	Set down the toothbrush.
14.	Turn on the sink.
15.	Pick up a small cup.
16.	Fill it with water.
17.	Turn off the sink. 
18.	Use the small cup of water to rinse out your mouth. 
19.	Set the cup down.
20.	Turn on the sink. 
21.	Pick up the toothbrush. 
22.	Run the toothbrush under the water to rinse if off. 
23.	Turn off the sink. 
24.	Put the toothbrush back where you found it. 

## Setting Alarm

1.	Pick up your iphone with your left hand. 
2.	Hit the home button, a circle shaped button at the bottom of the phone, with your right index finger to unlock it. 
3.	Find the utilities icon on the screen and tap it with your right index finger. 
4.	In the pop-up that appears, select the image of the clock in the top left by tapping it with your right index finger.
5.	To add a new alarm, tap the orange plus in the top right corner. 
6.	In the left column, move your finger to scroll to the hour you want to wake up.
7.	In the middle column, move your finger to scroll to the minute you want to wake up.
8.	In the right column, move your finger to choose whether you are waking up in the am or pm. 
9.	When the time is set, tap the “Save” in the top right corner. 
10.	On the left side of the phone, click the button on top to turn the sound on your ringer all the way up so that you hear your alarm go off. 
11.	Plug your charger into the wall. 
12.	Plug the charger cable into the charging port located at the bottom middle of your phone to ensure your phone stays charged and is on to sound your alarm. 
