Author: KL2830, Kyuchul Lee

##	Brushing your teeth 
1.	Go to the bathroom.
2.	Pick up your toothbrush and wash it over with clean water
3.	Hold the brush with your right hand and toothpaste with your left hand.
4.	Squeeze the toothpaste onto the brush.
5.	If the amount of the toothpaste is less than a half inch, squeeze it again until it reaches a half inch. 
6.	Place the brush onto your teeth. 
7.	Smoothly clean your inner surfaces, outer surfaces, chewing surfaces, and tongue by moving the brush. 
8.	When you clean your tongue, be careful not to retch. 
9.	Try to finish cleaning the teeth with the brush in three minutes.
10.	Rinse your mouth with clean water and spit it out. 
11.	Wash your toothbrush with clean water and dry it.
12.	Look at the mirror and say cheese.

##  Cooking rice
1.	Buy rice. There are many kinds of rice such as Indian rice, Japanese rice, and Korean rice and their characteristics are all different. If you like firm rice, choose Korean rice. If you don’t like firm rice, choose Indian rice. The firmness of Japanese rice is between Korean rice and Indian rice.
2.	Store rice in your home. Make sure that it is sealed so that you can store a longer period of time. 
3.	If you want to eat rice, go to the kitchen 40 minutes before having a meal. 
4.	Take rice out of a bin with long grain rice cup and pour it to a rice pot.
   - The amount of one long grain rice cup is the same as one portion.
5.	Rinse rice with clean and chill water. You can see the water becomes cloudy.
6.	Rinse it until the water is not cloudy. 
7.	After finishing rinsing, pour clean water again to the pot.
   - The amount of water should be 1.5 cups of water times the number of long grain rice cups you poured in a pot.
8.	Place the pot into an electronic rice cooker and push the start button.
9.	Wait until the cooker makes a beep sound.
10.	Open the cooker lid and smell the steam.
11.	Stir the rice with a rice paddle.
12.	Now, you are ready to eat rice. 
