# Human Software

Author: s2t2

## Brushing Teeth

These instructions assume there is sufficient stock of tooth-brushing material, and that the user is already in the bathroom.

  1. Grab the toothbrush from its holder with one hand.
  2. Grab the toothpase with the other hand, open the cap (perhaps using both hands), and squeeze one or two pea-sized quantities onto the brush.
  3. Breifly turn on the faucet to rinse the brush under the running water.
  4. Press the button on the toothbrush to make it vibrate, then raise the brush into your mouth so it makes contact with some teeth. 
  5. Make contact with all teeth one-at-a-time, gently applying pressure using a mixture between slight circular and back-and-forth motions. Do this for a minute or two, at least until you make sustained contact with all teeth.
  6. Spit into the sink such that your mouth is free of toothpaste residue.
  7. Rinse the toothbrush under water again, this time ensuring it is free of toothpaste residue.
  8. Return the toothbrush to its holder.

## Ride the Train

  1. Walk to the origin train station.
  2. Purchase your choice of either a one-way ticket or a round-trip ticket at the in-station kiosk, unless you already have a ticket to ride.
  3. Check the in-station monitors to find out which track the train leaves on.
  4. Walk through the station to the designated platform.
  5. Wait until the train arrives and its doors open, then walk to the last car in search of a "Quiet Car" - one marked with official "Quiet Car" signs.
  6. Put on noise-cancelling headphones and begin to either work on laptop or sleep.
  7. If fellow passengers are talking loud enough to penetrate the noise-cancelling headphones, politely make them aware they are sitting in the quiet car, and politely ask them to observe the rules of the quiet car. Repeat this step periodically as necessary.
  8. Continue working or sleeping until the train arrives at the destination station.
  9. When the train doors open, disembark.
