# Human Software

Author: srw390

# Brushing Teeth

Instruction Set
1. Go to the Bathroom
2. Open the closet
3. Pick up the toothbrush
4. Rinse the toothbrush
5. Hold the toothbrush on side of no bristles.
6. Pick up toothpaste
7. Apply small quantity of tooth paste onto the bristles
8. Quantity of toothpaste must not exceed 1 oz
9. Put the bristles with toothpaste into your mouth.
10. Spend 1 min each on lower left side of the mouth and cover
    all the sides of mouth. E.g. right lower side, left upper side,
    right upper side, front upper side, front bottom teeth
11. Brushing exercise must not exceed 7 mins
12. Rinse your mouth with water until toothpaste flavor
    goes away
13. Rinse toothpaste till all the toothpaste goes away
14. Put the toothbrush and toothpaste back in the same
    location

# Travel Search Engine

Instruction Set
1. Create an account on wordpress
2. Create an empty template to design the webpage
3. Web page should contain a UI with following fields:
   Origin Field, Destination Field, Date menu and checkbox for non-stop flight.
4. All the user input fields should be auto complete
5. The background of the UI should be a snow clad mountain with snow boarders and skiers enjoying the mountain top view.
6. In addition, there should be a search button. On a user click, a new webpage should open in new tab and should change focus from current tab to new tab.
7. In addition, new webpage should also contain an apply button to apply filter criteria.
8. The search engine which lies behind the new webpage takes inputs from first tab.
9. The search engine should query multiple APIs of airline websites.
10. we should cache the query results if some other user with same criteria can get instant results.
11. After querying the APIs, we might get additional data than we need to display on our website. We need to truncate additional columns from the feed.
12. We need to sanitize the data to show user in specific format removing additional spaces, special characters.
13. The new webpage shall contain three drop down filters:
    Price sorting, # of stops, and flight duration
14. Based on filter criteria, we modify the query to show data in specific order or filter out unwanted data.
15. The data should be shown in tabular format with specific columns such as Name of airline, number of stops, prices and number of tickets, webpage links to buy tickets and
