## Policies

### Code of Conduct

All members of the learning community should at all times abide by the university’s [Code of Ethical Conduct](https://www.nyu.edu/content/dam/nyu/compliance/documents/CodeOfEthicalConduct.NoQuestions.pdf.pdf) and the school's [Code of Conduct](http://www.stern.nyu.edu/sites/default/files/assets/documents/NYU_Stern_Code_of_Conduct%20Feb16.pdf).

### Academic Integrity

Students are expected to follow the university’s [Academic Integrity Policy](http://www.nyu.edu/about/policies-guidelines-compliance/policies-and-guidelines/academic-integrity-for-students-at-nyu.html) as well as those set forth here.

Although students are encouraged to work with each other to discuss and solve problems, submission of identical or nearly identical work may be seen as an academic integrity infraction. And although students are encouraged to leverage Internet resources, submission of work product generated by any other person may also constitute an infraction. Furthermore, if one student violates academic integrity policies by submitting the unattributed work product of another student, both students may be considered in violation and subject to penalties.

As a rule of thumb, it is each student’s responsibility to type and understand every line of code submitted for evaluation. In situations where lines of boilerplate code or shared code are included in a submission, it is the responsibility of the student to accompany this code with one or more lines of "comments" which include a source link or other manner of attribution. Even so, submissions comprised of significant portions of code obtained in this way, even if properly attributed, may constitute an infraction.

Any questions about what constitutes an academic integrity infraction should be proactively directed to the professor; retroactive naivete is not acceptable. Violations of academic integrity may lead to consequences such as failure or dismissal.

### Attendance

All students are encouraged but not required to attend class in-person. If not able to attend class in-person, students are still encouraged to participate remotely via Slack, when applicable.

Any student who is absent from class may risk missing in-class assignments or exams. There will be no opportunities to make-up in-class assignments or exams due to absence, except with permission from the professor. To obtain permission for planned absences, a student must email the professor within the first week of class. The professor may grant make-up opportunities for unplanned absences only in the event of severe circumstances such as medical emergency or death, in which case the professor reserves the right to ask for documentation of such events.

### Learning Accommodations

Any student requiring learning accommodations, such as longer exam periods, must register and coordinate through the [Moses Center](https://www.nyu.edu/students/communities-and-groups/students-with-disabilities.html).

### Audio-Visual Recordings

All regularly-scheduled class periods will be recorded using NYU's Virtual EMS technology. The videos will be used by instructors to assess instructional methods, and will most likely be shared with students when they become available. Links to the videos may be added to this repository. Students should be aware their likenesses may appear in these recordings, especially if they are sitting near the center aisle.

### Grade Guidelines and Restrictions

The following Stern MBA Grading Guidelines were shared with the professor via email on 8/8/17:

> Letter Grades | Meaning
> --- | ---
> A, A- | excellent
> B+, B, B- | good
> C+, C, C- | fair
> D+, D | work satisfying minimum requirements for credit
> F | failing
>
> *Grades of A,A- in MBA core courses may not exceed > 35%.
>
> *Please note that A+ and D- are not valid grades.
